[TSA-720] Part 2 of roles in token (#60)
artsalliancemedia/thunderstorm-auth-library: README.md

> pip install thunderstorm-auth-lib[flask]
```

################################ ## Special installation notes ## ################################

> * upgrade from versions `<v0.5` to `v0.6`: **It is strongly advised to do a 2-step upgrade, first to `v0.5` and after at least 1 hour upgrade to `v0.6`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upgrading from `<v0.5` to `v0.6`: **It is strongly advised to do a 2-step upgrade, first to `v0.5` and after at least 1 hour upgrade to `v0.6`**
```

>   reasoning behind that is the scheduling of roles broadcasting, this happens once every *60mins*, so if you are supposed to upgrade straight to `v0.6` most likely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason for this is due to the scheduling of roles broadcasting which happens once every *60minutes*, so if you upgrade straight to `v0.6` there is a chance that your application will not function correctly for up to one hour. `v.0.5` is backwards compatible which is why we recommend upgrading to that first for one hour so that when you move to `v.0.6` the roles will have been cached locally at that point.
```
